[ENH] Refactor count/countna to use FExpr (#3440)
h2oai/datatable: docs/api/dt/countna.rst

>     return: Expr

Reviewer: Should be `return: FExpr`.

         0 |     2
        [1 row x 1 column]

>     Get the count if no col is passed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When no `cols` is passed, the number of missing values returned is zero:
```
